doc: tf-m: update thread with support information (#6893)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf5340.rst

> The M33 TrustZone divides the application MCU into secure and non-secure domains.

Author: Follow-up: https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/NCSDK-13898

.. note::
   In |NCS| releases before v1.6.1, the build target ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns`` was named ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuappns``.

The |NCS| provides two alternatives for running applications from the non-secure area of the memory: Secure Partition Manager and Trusted Firmware-M.

Secure Partition Manager (SPM)
------------------------------

The :ref:`secure_partition_manager` sample uses the SPU peripheral to configure security attributions for flash, SRAM, and peripherals.
After the configuration setup is complete, the sample loads the application firmware from the non-secure domain.

> In addition, the SPM sample can provide access to secure services to the application firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the SPM sample provides the application firmware with access to secure services.
```

The SPM sample is currently the default solution used by most |NCS| samples.
This means that when you build your application for the non-secure domain, the :ref:`secure_partition_manager` sample is automatically included in the build.

Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)
-------------------------

> Trusted Firmware-M provides a highly configurable set of software components to create a Trusted Execution Environment.

Reviewer: Might want to dump the word "highly".

> TF-M is a framework which will be extended for new functions and use cases beyond the scope of SPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TF-M is a framework that will be extended with new functions and use cases beyond the scope of SPM.
```

> TF-M is a framework which will be extended for new functions and use cases beyond the scope of SPM.

Author: `It is a framework for functions and use cases beyond the scope of SPM.` @wiba-nordic ?

Support for TF-M in the |NCS| is currently experimental.

> If your application does not depend on the secure services developed in SPM and does not use them, then TF-M can replace SPM as the secure firmware component in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application does not depend on the secure services developed in SPM and does not use them, TF-M can replace SPM as the secure firmware component in your application.
```

> If your application does not depend on the secure services developed in SPM and does not use them, then TF-M can replace SPM as the secure firmware component in your application.

Author: Used "from".
